Removing unsupported options from HIS (#975)
MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs: his/core/how-to-create-a-5250-connection-manually2.md

  
1.  In SNA Manager, expand the server on which to create the connection, and then expand **SNA Service**.  
  

> 2.  Right-click **Connections**, point to **New**, and then click the type of connection (IP-DLC) to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Open the **Connections** shortcut menu, select **New**, and then select the connection type (IP-DLC) to create.
```
